fix build with boa mambabuild (#3)
openergy/ogithub-actions: README.md

# ogithub-actions
Openergy's Github Actions libraries

## maintenance
if an action must be modified:

> - it should be versioned in order to ensure working workflows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it should be versioned in order to ensure that existing workflows are not broken
```

- deprecation warning must be implemented in old actions
- workflow should also be versioned:

>     - new workflow points on new action while we let the old workflow pointing on old action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- new workflow points on new action while we let the old workflow pointing on old action
```
